{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qr\lang9\f0\fs22 -----------html / css------------                                                                                                    Date:-25/7/2019\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Q1) How to create a hyperlink in HTML?\par
A.\tab <link> tag\par
B.\tab <hyperlink> tag\par
C.\tab <href>\par
D.\tab <a href="#"> tag\par
\par
Q2) How many types of heading tag contain in HTML ?\par
A.\tab One\par
B.\tab Two\par
C.\tab Four\par
D.\tab Six\par
\par
Q3) How to insert a copyright symbol on a browser page?\par
A.\tab #84B3;\par
B.\tab #copyright;\par
C.\tab &copy;\par
D.\tab &84B3;\par
\par
Q4) How to create a button in HTML?\par
A.\tab <button>login</button>\par
B.\tab <input type="submit">\par
C.\tab <input type="button">\par
D.\tab All\par
\par
Q5) For what we use canvas tag in HTML ?\par
A.\tab For JavaScript\par
B.\tab Animation\par
C.\tab Drow the box\par
D.\tab None of the Above\par
\par
Q6) <!DOCTYPE html> tag is belogn to which HTML version ?\par
A.\tab HTML  4.01 \par
B.\tab HTML 5\par
C.\tab HTML  1.0 \par
D.\tab HTML  3 \par
\par
Q7) <legend> is used to assign a caption to a set of form fields as defined by a \'85\'85\'85\'85\'85. \tab element.\par
A. fieldset\par
B. caption\par
C. fieldgroup\par
D. assign\par
\par
Q8) Which tag we used to link CSS in HTML ?\par
A. <link>\par
B. <rel>\par
C. <meta>\par
D. <join>\par
\par
Q9)Which element is used for or styling HTML5 layout?\par
A.\tab PHP\par
B.\tab JavaScript\par
C.\tab CSS\par
D.\tab jQuery\par
\par
Q10) Which tag is used with JavaScript?\par
A.\tab <canvas>\par
B.\tab <table>\par
C.\tab <article>\par
D.\tab <footer>\par
\par
Q11)What is CSS stand for ?\par
A.\tab Color Style Sheets\par
B.\tab Cascade Sheets Style\par
C.\tab Cascade Style Sheet\par
D.\tab Cascading Style Sheets\par
\par
\par
Q12) Which fo the following Attributes is used to specify element to bind style rule to?\par
A. id\par
B. class\par
C. tag\par
D. all of the mentioned\par
\par
Q13) In css what does "font-size" can be called as ?\par
A. Selector\par
B. Rule\par
C. Property\par
D. Property-Name\par
\par
Q14)__________ implementation that introduced text, list, box, margin, border, color, and background properties.\par
A. css\par
B. html\par
C. ajax\par
D. php\par
\par
Q15)Which of the following function defines a linear gradient as a CSS image?\par
A. grayscale()\par
B. gradient()\par
C. image()\par
D. linear-gradient()\par
\par
\par
Q16)What is the CSS Extension Prefixes for WebKit?\par
A. -webkit\par
B. -o-\par
C. -web\par
D. -chrome\par
\par
Q17)What is the latest version of css available?\par
A. CSS2\par
B. CSS3\par
C. CSS3.1\par
D. CSS4\par
\par
Q18)What will happen in this case?\par
h1 \{color: red text-decoration: underline; font-style: italic;\}\par
A. color: red, text-decoration: underline and font-style: italic all works\par
B. text-decoration: underline and font-style: italic works\par
C. color: red, text-decoration: underline works\par
D. only font-style: italic works\par
\par
Q19) What will happen in this case?\par
h1 \{color: "green";\}\par
A. heading becomes green\par
B. heading becomes dark-green\par
C. error occors\par
D. nothings happen\par
\par
Q20)Which of the following property sets the font size of text?\par
A. text-size\par
B. font-size\par
C. size\par
D. text\par
\par
Q21) The script tag must be placed in\par
A. head\par
B. head and body\par
C. title and head\par
D. all of the mentioned\par
\par
-----------JavaScript------------ \par
Q22)The development environment offers which standard construct for data validation\par
A. Super controlled loop constructs\par
B. Case sensitivity check\par
C. Validation constructs\par
D. All of the mentioned\par
\par
\par
Q23)JavaScript can be written\par
A. directly into JS file and included into HTML\par
B. directly on the server page\par
C. directly into HTML pages\par
D. all of the mentioned\par
\par
Q24) Which of the following Attribute is used to include External JS code inside your HTML Document\par
A. src\par
B. href\par
C. script\par
D. link\par
\par
Q25) JavaScript Code can be called by using\par
A. RMI\par
B. Triggering Event\par
C. Preprocessor\par
D. Function/Method\par
\par
Q26) In JavaScript The statement a===b refers to\par
A. Both a and b are equal in value, type and reference address\par
B. Both a and b are equal in value\par
C. Both a and b are equal in value and type\par
D. There is no such statement\par
\par
Q27)Consider the following snippet code in JavaScript \par
var string1 = \rdblquote 123\rdblquote ;\par
var intvalue = 123;\par
alert( string1 + intvalue );\par
\par
The result would be\par
A. 123246\par
B. 246\par
C. 123123\par
D. Exception\par
\par
Q28)Among the following, which one is a ternary operator in JavaScript ?\par
A. +\par
B. :\par
C. \endash\par
D. ?:\par
\par
Q29) JavaScript is a _______________ language\par
A. Object-Oriented\par
B. High-level\par
C. Assembly-language\par
D. Object-Based\par
\par
\par
Q30)The \ldblquote var\rdblquote  and \ldblquote function\rdblquote  are\par
A. Keywords\par
B. Declaration statements\par
C. Datatypes\par
D. Prototypes\par
\par
\par
Q31) Which of the following is a single global function defined in the jQuery library?\par
a. jQuery()\par
b. $()\par
c. Queryanalysis()\par
d. global()\par
\par
Q32) Which of the following is a factory function?\par
a. $()\par
b. jQuery()\par
c. Queryanalysis()\par
d. onclick()\par
\par
Q33) Which of the following is an equivalent replacement of $(document).ready(f)?\par
a. jQuery(f)\par
b. $(f)\par
c. #(f)\par
d. read(f)\par
\par
Q34) Which of the following is used for parsing JSON text?\par
a. jQuery.each()\par
b. jQuery.parseJSON()\par
c. jQuery.jsonConflict()\par
d. jQuery.jsonParse()\par
\par
Q35) Which object supports Filesystem API?\par
a. Element\par
b. File\par
c. Window\par
d. DOM\par
-------jQuery -------\par
Q36) jQuery is a \par
a. JavaScript Library. \par
b.JavaScript Language \par
c.JavaScript Method \par
d. PHP Method\par
\par
Q37) jQuery uses CSS selectors to select elements?\par
A. False\par
B. True\par
\par
Q38) Which sign does jQuery use as a shortcut for jQuery?\par
A. the % sign\par
B. the ? Sign\par
C. the $ sign\par
D. the # sign\par
\par
\par
Q39) What is the correct jQuery code to set the background color of all p elements to red?\par
A. $("p").layout("background-color","red");\par
B. $("p").manipulate("background-color","red");\par
C. $("p").css("background-color","red");\par
D. $("p").style("background-color","red");\par
\par
Q40) Which jQuery method is used to hide selected elements?\par
A. hidden()\par
B. hide()\par
C. visible(false)\par
D. unvisible(true)\par
-------Angular.js--------\par
1. What is a controller in MVC?\par
\tab A. It is a software Code that stores the data \par
\tab B. It is a software Code that renders the user interface \par
\tab C. It is a software Code that controls the interactions between the Model and View \par
\tab D. None of the above\par
\par
2. Which of the followings are validation directives?\par
\tab A. ng-required \par
\tab B. ng-minlength \par
\tab C. ng-pattern \par
\tab D. All of the above\par
\par
\par
3. Which components can be injected as a dependency in AngularJS?\par
\tab A. Application Module \par
\tab B. constant \par
\tab C. value \par
\tab D. factory\par
\par
\par
4. Who is sometimes called as Father of AngularJS?\par
\tab A. Brad Green \par
\tab B. Igor Minor \par
\tab C. Misko Hevery\par
\tab D. Brian Ford\par
\par
5. Which of the following is true about AngularJS expressions\par
\tab A. Expressions behave in same way as ng-bind directives \par
\tab B. All of these \par
\tab C. Expressions are written inside double braces like \{\{ expression\}\} \par
\tab D. Expressions are used to bind application data to html\par
\par
6. AngularJS module can be created using ________\par
\tab A. angular.module(); \par
\tab B. var myModule = new module(); \par
\tab C. module.create(); \par
\tab D. angular.create();\par
\par
7. What is link function is used for in angular js?\par
\tab A. It is used for registering DOM listeners as well as instance DOM manipulation \par
\tab B. It is used to retrieve object instances as defined by provider \par
\tab C. It is used for template DOM Manipulation and collect all of the directives \par
\tab D. The method traverses the DOM and matches the directives\par
\par
\par
8. Angular initializes based upon which of the following scenario?\par
\tab A. DOMContentLoaded event happens \par
\tab B. document.readyState is set to complete \par
\tab C. Both of the above \par
\tab D. None of the above\par
\par
9. AngularJS expressions are written using.\par
\tab A. double braces like \{\{ expression\}\} \par
\tab B. single braces like \{expression\} \par
\tab C. small bracket like (expression) \par
\tab D. capital bracket like [expression]\par
\par
10. AngularJS directives are used in ________\par
\tab A. Model \par
\tab B. View \par
\tab C. Controller \par
\tab D. Module\par
\par
11. There is a controller which takes a single parameter. We call it . . . . . parameter.\par
\tab A. $param \par
\tab B. $control \par
\tab C. $scope \par
\tab D. $scont\par
\par
12. Which of the following directive allows us to use form?\par
\tab A. ng-include \par
\tab B. ng-form \par
\tab C. ng-bind \par
\tab D. ng-attach\par
\par
\par
13. In AngulsrJS HTML document is loaded and evaluated first in the browser. Mean while in AngularJS _________ ?\par
\tab A. JavaScript file is loaded \par
\tab B. The angular global object is created \par
\tab C. Your JavaScript which registers controller functions is executed \par
\tab D. All of above\par
\par
\par
14. What are various possible prefixes such as 'ng-' using which Angular directives (for example, ng-app) can be defined?\par
\tab A. 'ng-', 'data-ng-', 'ng:' \par
\tab B. 'ng-' \par
\tab C. 'ng-', 'data-ng-', 'ng:', 'x-ng-' \par
\tab D. 'ng-', 'data-ng-','x-ng-'\par
\par
\par
------java-------\par
1. Which of the following can be operands of arithmetic operators?\par
\tab A. Numeric \par
\tab B. Boolean \par
\tab C. Characters \par
\tab D. Both Boolean & Characters\par
\par
2. Modulus operator, %, can be applied to which of these?\par
\tab A. Integers \par
\tab B. Floating \endash  point numbers \par
\tab C. Both Integers and floating \endash  point numbers. \par
\tab D. None of the mentioned\par
\par
\par
3.With x = 0, which of the following are legal lines of Java code for changing the value of x to 1?\par
\par
 1. x++;\par
 2. x = x + 1;\par
 3. x += 1;\par
 4. x =+ 1;\par
\par
\tab A. 1, 2 & 3 \par
\tab B. 1 & 4 \par
\tab C. 1, 2, 3 & 4 \par
\tab D. 3 & 2\par
\par
4. Decrement operator, \endash , decreases value of variable by what number?\par
\tab A. 1 \par
\tab B. 2 \par
\tab C. 3 \par
\tab D. 4\par
\par
\par
5. What is the output of this program?\par
class increment \{\par
public static void main(String args[])\par
\{\par
double var1 = 1 + 5; \par
double var2 = var1 / 4;\par
int var3 = 1 + 5;\par
int var4 = var3 / 4;\par
System.out.print(var2 + " " + var4);\par
 \par
\} \par
\}\par
\tab A. 1 1\par
\tab B. 0 1\par
\tab C. 1.5 1\par
\tab D. 1.5 1.0\par
\par
\par
6. Which of these operators is used to allocate memory to array variable in Java?\par
\tab A. malloc \par
\tab B. alloc \par
\tab C. new \par
\tab D. new malloc\par
\par
\par
7. Which of these is an incorrect array declaration?\par
\tab A. int arr[] = new int[5] \par
\tab B. int [] arr = new int[5] \par
\tab C. int arr[]arr = new int[5]\par
\tab D. int arr[] = int [5] new\par
\par
\par
8.\par
What will this code print?\par
\par
 int arr[] = new int [5];\par
\par
 System.out.print(arr);\par
\par
\tab A. 0 \par
\tab B. value stored in arr[0]. \par
\tab C. 00000 \par
\tab D. Garbage value\par
\par
\par
9. Which of these is necessary to specify at time of array initialization?\par
\tab A. Row \par
\tab B. Column \par
\tab C. Both Row and Column \par
\tab D. None of the mentioned\par
\par
10. Which of these packages contain all the collection classes?\par
\tab A. java.lang \par
\tab B. java.util \par
\tab C.java.net \par
\tab D. java.awt\par
\par
11. Which of these classes is not part of Java\rquote s collection framework?\par
\tab A. Maps \par
\tab B. Array \par
\tab C. Stack \par
\tab D. Queue\par
\par
12. Which of these methods deletes all the elements from invoking collection?\par
\tab A. clear() \par
\tab B. reset() \par
\tab C. delete() \par
\tab D. refresh()\par
\par
13. Which of these is used to perform all input & output operations in Java?\par
\tab A. streams \par
\tab B. Variables \par
\tab C. classes \par
\tab D. Methods\par
\par
14. What does AWT stands for?\par
\tab A. All Window Tools \par
\tab B. All Writing Tools \par
\tab C. Abstract Window Toolkit \par
\tab D. Abstract Writing Toolkit\par
\par
\par
15. Which of these classes are used by Byte streams for input and output operation?\par
\tab A. InputStream \par
\tab B. InputOutputStream \par
\tab C. Reader \par
\tab D. All of the mentioned\par
\par
16. Which of these keywords is used to define interfaces in Java?\par
\tab A. interface \par
\tab B. Interface \par
\tab C. intf \par
\tab D. Intf\par
\par
17. Which of these can be used to fully abstract a class from its implementation?\par
\tab A. Objects \par
\tab B. Packages \par
\tab C. Interfaces \par
\tab D. None of the Mentioned.\par
\par
18. Which of these functions is called to display the output of an applet?\par
\tab A. display() \par
\tab B. print() \par
\tab C. displayApplet() \par
\tab D. PrintApplet()\par
\par
19. Which of these methods can be used to output a sting in an applet?\par
\tab A. display() \par
\tab B. print() \par
\tab C. drawString() \par
\tab D. transient()\par
\par
\par
20. Which of this access specifies can be used for a class so that its members can be accessed by a different class in the same package?\par
\tab A. Public \par
\tab B. Protected \par
\tab C. No Modifier \par
\tab D. All of the mentioned\par
\par
\par
21. Which of the following is correct way of importing an entire package \lquote pkg\rquote ?\par
\tab A. import pkg. \par
\tab B. Import pkg. \par
\tab C. import pkg.* \par
\tab D. Import pkg.*\par
\par
22. When does Exceptions in Java arises in code sequence?\par
\tab A. Run Time \par
\tab B. Compilation Time \par
\tab C. Can Occur Any Time \par
\tab D. None of the mentioned\par
\par
23. Which of these keywords is not a part of exception handling?\par
\tab A. try \par
\tab B. finally \par
\tab C. thrown \par
\tab D. catch\par
\par
------- ReactJS-------\par
\par
1. What is ReactJS?\par
\tab A. Server-side Framework \par
\tab B. User-interface framework \par
\tab C. Both \par
\tab D. None\par
\par
\par
2. How can you access the state of a component from inside of a member function?\par
\tab A. this.getState() \par
\tab B. this.prototype.stateValue \par
\tab C. this.state \par
\tab D. this.values\par
\par
3. Props are __________ into other components\par
\tab A. Injected \par
\tab B. Methods \par
\tab C. Both A and B \par
\tab D. All of these\par
\par
4. Which of the following API is a MUST for every ReactJS component?\par
\tab A. getInitialState \par
\tab B. render \par
\tab C. renderComponent \par
\tab D. None\par
\par
5. At the highest level, React components have lifecycle events that fall into\par
\tab A. Initialization \par
\tab B. State/Property Updates \par
\tab C. Destruction \par
\tab D. All of these\par
\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\ul best of luck\ulnone\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\par
\par
\ul\b ANS:-\par
\ulnone\b0 1.  D\tab\tab    2.  D \tab\tab     3.  C\tab\tab    4.   D\tab\tab 5. B\tab\tab   6.   B\par
7. A \tab\tab    8.  A \tab\tab     9.C  \tab\tab    10.A   \tab\tab 11. D\tab\tab   12.   D\par
13.C \tab\tab   14.A \tab\tab 15.D \tab\tab 16.D \tab\tab 17.B \tab\tab 18.D \tab 19.D 20.B \tab\tab 21.B \tab\tab 22.C\tab\tab 23.A\tab\tab 24A\tab\tab  25.D\par
\par
\par
}
 